THB EGYPTIAN GAZETTE, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1905.
<div>
<head>MANCHURIA

JAPS CAPTURE FMINENCE

GEN. KAWLMURA’S PLAN</head>

<p>Tokio, February 11.</p>

<p>The Japanese captured an eminence to the the south of Chang Chichia last Thursday , driving out two Russian companies.
The Russians are continuously shelling Oynia center and left.
<p>(Reuter.)</p> 
</div>
<p>LONDON, February 11.</p>

<p>It is thought that when the severity of the winter is over, General Kawimura, who’s new army is lightly equipped and has innumerable field guns, will endeavuor to cut the Russian communications north of Vladivostok. (R.)</p>
<div>
<head>THE BALTIC FLEET.

SAILING OF THIRD SQUADRON.</head>

<p>ST. PETERSBURG, February 12.</p> 

<p>The third Baltic Fleet has received order to be in readiness to sat immediately. (R.)</p>

<p>PORT LOUIS, February 11.</P
<p>Arrivals from Neesstbe report that the Baltic fleet is still there, and that differences have arisen between Admiral 
Rodzjestveusky and the German companies who are supplying (him?) with meat. The Admiral  wishes the collier to follow the 
fleet. They, however, refuse to do so on account of the Japanese being in too close proximity.</p> 
<p>(Reuter.)</p>
<div>
<head>GERMAN NEUTRALITY.</head>

<p>ZANZIBAR, February 12.</p>
<p>The Governor, Heir Goctzen, requested five Russian cruisers which had anchored in German waters near Dar-esSalaam to 
leave. The Russians complied with the request. </p>
<p>(Reuter.)</p>
</div>
<head>JAP BATTLESHIPS ORDERED!</head>

<p>London,' February 11. </p>

<p.The “Daily Telegraph" learns from Tokio that orders for four battleships have been placed in England, and also contracts 
for guns to the extent of £500,000.</p>
<p>(Reuter.)</p>
<div>
<head>H.M.S. "PYLADES’’ REFLOATED.</head>

<p>LONDON, February 11.</p>
<p>H.M.S. Pylades has been refloated.</p> 
<p>(R.)</p>

<head>JAPANESE-AMERICAN ARBITRATION.</head>

<p>WASHINGTON, February 11.</p>
A Japanese American Arbitration Treaty has been signed here.	(R.)
</div>

THE CHINESE LOAN.

LONDON, February 11.
There was a great rush at the Hong Kong and Shanghai Bank of subscribers to the China Loan mentioned on the 9th inst. The 
crowds were controlled by police and the issue, which closed immediately instead of on Monday, was largely over-subscribed. 
(Reuter.) 

AUSTRIA AND HUNGARY.

Vienna, February 11. 
The Emperor will receive Herr Kossuth tomorrow. (Haras.)

Vienna,	February 12.
The Emperor has graciously received Herr Kossuth. The interview lasted 45 minutes. (Haras.)

THE LIBERAL MANIFESTO.
London, February 11.
The Liberal officials say that Lord Spencer’s recent statement was only a personal one as regards his own views; and that it 
was not a party manifesto. The papers, however, are, not disposed to accept this explanation. (Reuter.)

HOME FOOTBALL

London, February 11, 
Ireland beat England at Rugby by by 17 points to 3, and Oxford beat Cambridge at Association by 2 goats to 1. (Reuter.)

EDEN PALACE HOTEL
CAIRO.
Open all year round.
Electric Light. - Lift. - Moderate Charges

LOCAL AND GENERAL

Quarantine restrictions have been enforced on arrivals from Rangoon in Egyptian ports.

Abbas Helmy Theater - Pressure on our space compels us to hold over until tomorrow our account of Saturday and Sunday’s performances. 

Property at Cairo. -The old palace of Abdel-Kader Pasha Hilmy, in tho Ismailia quarter, which was bought furnished about eight years ago by Mrs. Fink for L.E. 14,000, has been sold Us Mrs. Sursock for L.E. 40,000, without the furniture.

Gen. Stoessel’s Return. - The steamer “Saint Nicholas," belonging to the Russian Commercial and Navigation Company, left Odessa last week for Port Said, to embark Gen. Stoessel, Mme. Stoessel, and 165 officers and 333 men of the Port Arthur garrison, who are returning to Russia.

Corporation or Western Egypt. — The committee of the Loudon Stock Exchange has appointed to-day as a special settling day for the Corporation of Western Egypt, seven shares of £1 each, fully paid, Nos. 250,001 to 250,007, and 250,000 shares of £1 each, 10s. paid, Nos. 1 to 250,000.

Savor Hotel.—Saturday’s small dance at the Savoy was the best of the season. The applications for dinners had been so numerous that an additional private dining-room and drawing room had to be requisitioned, and still the accommodation was not sufficient. Among the diners who were able to obtain tables in the restaurant, we noticed Sir Elwin and Lady Palmer’s party, including Mr. and Mr. Satow and Mr. Carter Wilson; Sir Ernest Cassel’s party, Mr. and Mrs. Livings ton's party, including Baron von Oppeuheim, Mr. and Mrs. Scott-Dalgleish, Major Herbert, Major Pirie, Mr. and Mrs. Peter Marlin ; Mr. and Mrs. Thornycroft’s party, including Mr. and Mrs. M. de Findiey, Major General Sir Stanley Clarke and Capt. Clark, Mr. and Miss Baird; Mr. and Mrs. Duveen’s party; Mrs. Stephen’s party, including Major and Mrs. Delavoye and ol. and Mrs. Matchett; Mr. and Mrs. I'hubron’s party, including Judge and Mrs. Tuck, Mr. and Mrs. Astley P. Friend and Mr. Constatinidis; Mrs. de Weerth’s party, including Sir Horace and Lady Pinching, Mr. and Miss Morgan; Mr. and Mrs. Coat's party, includiug Count and Countess Wedei and Count Kodziebrodzai; Mr. and Mrs. Aghion's party, including Mr. and Mrs. Adolph Cattaui and Mr. Jules Aghiuu. Mr, and Miss Levericb’s party included: Baron von Haeften, Mlles. de Villebois, Capt. MacLachlan, Major Donegan, Capt. Wilsou, Miss Jacques, and Mr. Bilinsky.

Calendar of Coming Events

ALEXANDRIA.

February.
Mon. 13 
Zizinia Theatre. French Comedy Company in L’Adversaire. 9p.m. Abbas Helmy Theatre. Italian Opera Company in Carmen. 9.15 p.m.

Wed. 15 
Moharrem Bey Common. New Ground. St. Andrew Football Club v. Band 2nd R. Berks. Kick off 3 p.m.
Khadivial Club. General meeting of A.S.C. 9 p.m.

Thurs. 16 H. M.'s Consulate. Ordinary Annual General Meeting St. Mark's Church Voters. 5 p.m. 

CAIRO.

February.
Mon. 13 
Ghezireh Agricultural Show. And four following days.
Abdecn Palace. Khedivial Reception. 3.30 p.m.

Khedivial Opera House.' Italian Opera Company. 9 p.m.

Verdi Theatre. Italian Operetta Company. 9 p.m.

Theatre des Nouveautes. Variety Entertainment. 9.30 p.m. 

Trocadero. Variety Entertainment. 9.30 p.m.

Shepheard’s Hotel. Small Dance. 10 p.m.

Tues. 14 
Abdeen Palace. Khedivial Knurban-Beyram Reception. 8 a m. Abdeen Palace. The Khedivial receives European ladies. 3.40 to 4.40" p.m.

Wed. 15
Military Tournament.

Thurs. 16 
Railway Institute. Opening of Foot ball Competition. Mena House. Gymkhana.

Ghezireh. Cricket. Cairo v. Alexandria.

Ghezireh Palace Hotel Small - Dance 10 p.m.

Fri. 17 
Helouan. Third Winter Race
Meeting. 2.30 p.m.
Zoological Gardens. Performance by Ghizeh Boys' Band in afternoon. Khedivial Opera House. “Pirates of Penzance." 9 p.m.

Fri. 24
K.S.C.	Third Winter Race Meeting.
Shoubra. Trials ofof Steam-ploughing Machines.

Esbekieh Garden. French Benevolent Society's Ball.

Having succeded Mr. J. D. Pitchard. of the “CAIRO BODEGA” (Royal Hotel Bldgs). I beg to Inform the publisher that it is my Intention to maintain tho reputation which this establishment has enjoyed for over 30 years. The management has boon reorganised. In addition to tho first-class drinks already served, many choice brands will be added, and the experience acquired of several years' service will enable me to fully satisfy myclients

“JOSXPH.” Managing Proprietor.
Macdonald and Muir's V.O.P. Liqueur, now the Premier Whisky of Egypt

KHARTOUM AGRICULTURAL EXHIBITION.
VISITED BY DUKE OF CONNAUGHT.
(From our Correspondent).
Khartoum, February 3.
	T.R.H. the Duke and Duchess of Connaught with the Princesses, accompanied by UK. the Governor-General, Lady Wingate, Col. Stanton, and other personages, visited the annual Agricultural and Industrial Show this afternoon. There was a large concourse of people on the ground* at the time, and the excellent baud of the Rifle Brigade discoursed sweet music.
	There were but few exhibits which deserve special mention this year. All the table decorations showed much taste. The C.M.S. girls' school made a debut in beautiful embroidery work in drawn thread and lacework. Next to that St. Anne's Catholic School made a nice show of similar and more elaborate needlework. The native embroidery was better than last year's display. For Sudau-grown cotton Mr. A. H. Capato received the first prize. The cotton from Mr. Grieve’s Fadiab estate was also fair. The Prisons are again good at furniture, and especially lounge chairs. The vegetables generally are more profuse than hitherto. The Steamers and Boats Department are, as usual, to the dock; their exhibit included a beautiful lelucca made entirely of Bahr-el-Uhazal wood, just the sort of boat one would like to possess. Quartermaster Aliport, of the Rifle Brigade, exposed a smoker’s companion made in brass from Boer shells and rounds, which was very creditable. The consensus of opinion, however, is that the exhibits were poor and below those of last year.
	Apparently the natives do not find sufficient inducement for them to show. Perhaps this difficulty could be overcome by the enrolment of a working committee of civilians in addition to the official one. There is certain to be found an advantage in enlisting the co-operation of competent business men. Popular fetes might be included in the programme, also a weekly fair as an encouraging adjunct. “Autres pays autres moeurs!”

CAIRO AGRICULTURAL SHOW.

	The exhibits of Messrs. Steinemann, Mabar-di & Co. at the Cairo Agricultural Show are especially interesting, and include the following novelties, winch are on show in Cairo for the first time :
	Compound traction engine of 10 H.P.N. equal to about 55 H.P.I. This engine could be used for either of the following purposes:—for a 7 time cultivator ; for a balance plough of 6 shares (of which 3 shares in front and 3 shares behind) for the “Elevating grader, wagon loader and ditcher," for cultivating purposes; this machine is used for leveling laud by removing the higher parts to a distance of 8 metres either in ditches or into wagons, etc. Besides for cultivating purposes, the engine can be use for irrigation and for milling.
Kassabia which could be drawn by two pairs of oxen or by a small traction engine.
	Kassabia on wheels of various sizes which would be drawn by one pair of oxen.
	Several Kassabia, Egyptian type, but the plates are made of steel instead of wood, patent system.
Threshing machine of smallest size made up-to-date, capable of threshing and bruising 30 ardebs per day, and cutting the straw at
the same time to au extraordinary fineness.
	Cleansing and grading machine tor wheat, clover, etc., ul spec ml type.
	All this machinery is to be at work at the exhibition, and one can judge and appreciate its work and utility.
	Among the other exhibits of this Alexanorian engineering firm are the following:- Several portable engines of Messrs. Clayton & Shuttleworth’s make for various purposes, viz.: irrigation, milling, threshing ; several centrifugal pumps of Messrs. Clayton & Shuttleworth’s make and of Messrs. L. Dumont & Co.'s make ; maize shelters ; beau and mills ; Norwegian harrows ; crosskills ; mowing and reaping machines of Walter A. Wood’s make ; and a large assortment of small material essential to the agriculturist.

EGYPTIAN COTTON AND THE COMBINE.

	The amalgamation of the Federation of Master Cotton Spinners and the Bolton Master Cotton Spinners' Association is looked upon in Lancashire as one of the most important steps which has been taken in recent years to unite the cotton industry. The Federation was initiated and carried out by Mr. C. W. Macara. But it comprised only the majority of the spinners of ordinary American cottons; the spinners of the finest American and of the fine Egyptian cottons, though organised, did not work with the Federation on tho same lines. Last year the spinners of Egyptian cotton did not join in tho general short time movement, and continued full production until circumstances proved too strong for them.
	Egyptian cotton spinning is, it is said, the only part of the Lancashire trade which has done badly of late, yet of some twenty-six new spinning mills which are being erected, by far the greater number are intended for that class of work.
	Lancashire tends to produce more and more of the finer and more costly cotton goods, and the Bolton Association, which is chiefly engaged in this department, will prove a powerful recruit to the Spinners’ Federation. The latter body now control over 30,000,000 spindles out of the 45,000,000 or 46,000,000 spindles which is England's share of the world's 110,000,000 spindles. ("Liverpool Journal of Commerce’’.)

ALEXANDRIA MUNICIPALITY

MR. ALDERSON’S RESIGNATIONS.

	The announcement of Mr. Geo. B. Alderson's resignation of his seat on the Alexandria Municipality came as a surprise to the many supporters of the “people's man.” Mr. Aldarson's high character and position, and the public spirit which animates all his actions, inspired universal respect and esteem among all classes of the community, and when he was elected not twelve mouths ago it was fait that the Municipality would be reinvigorated by his energy and influeuce.
	It is expected that Mr. Alderson will be asked to reconsider his decision to retire from the ranks of the City Fathers, and it is to be hoped that he will be induced to withdraw his resignation.
	Referring to Mr. Alderson's allegations, a member at the Municipal Delegation informs us that, far from what a correspondent writes in our issue of Saturday last, to the reflect that no notice had been taken of the letter from Mr. Alderson in the "Gazette” of Tuesday last, Mr. Ralli, as President of the Delegation, had at the last plenary meeting protested strongly in the name of the Delegation that the contents of the letter were quite contrary to the facts. Mr. Ralli recognised that probably Mr. Alderson did not understand the import of what he wrote, but in saying that the “proces-verbaux” of the Delegation were “cooked" be simply attacked the honor of his colleagues. Mr. Alderson at once apologised for what he had written, stating that he had no intention of attacking the honor of his colleagues.
	Out of consideration for Mr. Alderson, nothing was put in the official report of the proceedings of the Commission, but it will appear in the regular minutes of tho Municipal meetings.

THE TENANTS COMMISSION.

	Mr. Geo. B. Alderson, honorary president of the Tenants Commission of Alexandria, has resigned his post on that body on the ground that as the Societa Anonima di Case Economiche is on the point of formation he considers that his task is now at an end, the object for which be accepted the position having been accomplished.
	Mr. Alderson has also resigned the honorary presidency of the Societa Margherita of Alexandria.
	The followiug letter has been addressed by the Tenants' Commission to the capitalists who have interested themselves in the matter.—
	“ ll:mo Signore,—Ho l'onore, a nome della Commissione che presiede, d'informare la S. V., che easendosi il Sig. G. B. Alderson formalizzato perche questa Commissione era venuta a richiedere il di lei Coucorso finanziario per la Costruzione di Oase Economiche,credette utile di ritirarsi, e questa Commissione apprez-zando altoinento il di lei valido apjnggio, ha aecettato le sue dimissioni da Presidents Onorario. Nell’attesa di comunicare al pubblico il risultato della di lei munificenza, ho l'onore di presentarle i miei migliori omaggi.
Il Presidente, L Ronci.

THE COOPER STEAM DIGGER.

TRIALS AT SHOUBRA.
	Very interesting trials of the Cooper Steam Digger wereheld on Boghos PashaNubar’s land at Shoubra on Saturday afternoon. A huge number of agricultural experts and numerous members of the press were present at the trials, which were made under the supervision of Messrs. Thos. Cook &. Sons, who are the agents in Egypt for the invention. The machine resembles a traction engine, carried on broad wheels, the front having a width of 24 in., the hind pair of 15 in. The digging gear consist of two pairs of two-pronged steel forks attached to driving shafts revolving on each side of a wheel carried behind. These forks can dig to a depth of 9 inches (maximum), tho amount of penetration being regulated by adjusting the shoes. A fly-wheel is provided for driving an ordinary threshing machine, and the engine would also be used for stationary work, pumping, etc., and an a traction engine. The price of these engines, of which three have been bought by the Chaba and two by the Behera Land Company, is about £1,100, their coal consumption is from 3/4 to 1 kantar of coal an hour, and they can cover 7 feddans of ground a day. The width of the strips dug by the Cooper digger was 5 or 6 times greater than that of an ordinary hand plough, and the ease with which the machine turns and gets over rough ground must make it of great value.
	During Saturday's trials the opinion was expressed that the digger would be most useful in breaking up heavy unreclaimed land for the purpose of washing, and that it would be of great use on large estates. Its cost would, it was thought, be too great for it to used by small landowners. There was also some discussion as to whether the digging was quite deep enough, there being a minority who were not quite satisfied on this point. It was admitted that the speed and handiness of the digger were most important assets, and all present remarked that it broke the soil Very thoroughly.
	After the trials had been finished, those who bad been invited by Messrs. Cook and Son partook of light refreshments in a large tent that had been erected on the ground, and returned to Cairo by a "special” after a most interesting afternoon.

SAVOY HOTEL, LUXOR.
	Best and most comfortable, unique for its position on Nile bank. Under German Management Moderate charges. Patronised officer of  Army of Occupation. Concerts twice daily.

THE ROYAL VISIT
PREPARATIONS AT LUXOR

(FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT).

Luxor, Saturday
	The Duke and Duchess of Connaught are expected to arrive here in the afternoon of Monday. A notice has been issued by the Markaz authorities to the different hotels stating that on Tuesday next no tourists will be allowed to visit the temple of Karnak in the forenoon and Madinet Habon in the afternoon, and on Wednesday the temple of Gourna. Deir el Bahri, and the Rameseum. Efforts are being made to put the roads in repair in readiness for the Royal party.

SHIP ON FIRE AT ALEXANDRIA.
	Yesterday morning, at 2 o’clock, fire broke out on the S.S. "Antwerp City,” in Alexandria harbour, and was not extinguished until this morning.
	The portion of cargo damaged consists of about 600 tons of beans and 500 bales of cotton, but a large part of this will be saved. The total cargo consisted of 2,500 hales of cotton and some beans, cotton seed. etc.
	The steamer has been beached, bat will be floated probably to-day. She was bound for Havre and Dunkirk.
	The origin of the fire is as yet unknown.

A BIG TROOPSHIP.
(From our Correspondent.)
Port, Said, Thursday.
	The new Royal Indian Marine troopship “Dufferin” reached Port Said at midday on Wednesday, outward bound for Bombay, where she will be taken over by the Indian Government, her present crew having been shipped only for the run out. She was built at Barrow-in-Fruness at the naval construction works of Messrs. Viekers, Sons, and Maxim. It is claimed for the “Dufferin" that she is the largest ship of her class afloat—she has accommodation for almost 1,500. Designed, by Sir Edward J. Reed, the consulting naval architect for the Indian Government, the vessel has a length between perpendiculars of 437 ft, a beam of 53.6 ft, and displaces 7,340 tons when drawing 19 ft. She is 30 ft longer than her immediate predecessor, the “Hardinge”, and is of correspondingly greater displacement. The contract was for a speed of 18.5 knots—on the six trial nine over the measured mile she did 18.9, nearly 1/2 a mile more. The I "Dufferin” has been designed with due consideration to her adoption as an armoured cruiser, and will be provided with eight 4.7 inch, and eight 3-pounder quick-firing guns, the largest size of searchlight projector, a large magazine and armoury under the water line, and other similar auxiliaries. Great care has been taken to ensure the vessel against sinking should she be in danger. There is a cellular double bottom, within which may be carried 800 tons of fresh water, and there are distillers for making 35 tons per day. Under the main deck the vessel is sub-divided into a large number of water-tight compartments, the water-tight doors into which, for the first time in a troopship, are fitted with the Stone-Lloyd system, by means of which all the doors can be closed in a few seconds by hydraulic gear worked from the captain’s bridge. The "Dufferin" is double funnelled and has two pole masts with a straight stem and an elliptical stern. She will probably reach Bombay about the 18th inst. 

EGYPT EXPLORATION.
	Dr. Budge has arrived in the Sudan to continue his important work there, this being his third campaign in that region. In his first expedition, shortly after the fall of Khartoum, he could, owing to the disturbed state of the country, do little more than make a reconnaissance for future work, and in the following year he made extensive explorations upon the pyramid fields of Meroe and Nursi, and was able from astronomical observations to assign to them a date considerably older than was hitherto imagined. He also made excavations upon the City of Napata— the site of which is situated below the cliffs of Jebel Barkal — and sufficient information was obtained to show that explorations upon the site would probably produce important results. It is to carry these out that he has now made a third expedition to the Sudan.
	Mr. H. R. Hall is engaged with Prof. Naville in exploring the ancient temple of Mentuhetep, of the Eleventh Egyptian dynasty, found beside the great temple at Deir-el-Bahari, at Thebes. This is a most important work, for it proves that the terraced temple erected by Queen Hatshepsu was no foreign innovation, but an enlarged and richer copy of the oldest temple at Thebes.

	British Chamber or Commerce — We would call the attention of persons interested it Egyptian trade to the work of the British Chamber of Commerce of Egypt, whose office in Alexandria gives information as to standings, trade, &e., to its members, and whose monthly publication reviews our commerce. The annual subscription is £1 and all British traders should become members. Our London office, 36, New Broad-street EC., acts as London agency to the Chamber.

CAIRO GRAND HAMMAM
Near Shepherd’s & Continental Hotels
Turkish Baths, Plain Baths, Electric Light Baths
XRAYS.
Massage & Electro-Hydropathic Baths


PERSONAL. AND SOCIAL

Our Luxor Correspondent writes that the Duke of Devonshire arrived there on Saturday on the dahabieh “Hathor”. His Grace paid a visit to the British consular agent and was expected to stay at Luxor for a few days.

Lord and Lady Armstrong are coming to Egypt shortly.

Count Batthyany the great Hungarian magnate who was in Cairo last winter, has again arrived at the Savoy

Sir Ernest Cassel is going to stay in Egypt for some time yet. Sir Ernest is entertaining a great deal.

Sir Edward and Lady Colebrooke are probably leaving the party next Tuesday for Assouan, as also is Mr. Ward, who likewise one of sir Ernest’s party.

Sir Ernest had a party, to dinner at the Savoy restaurant yesterday, evening, the guests including: Sir Elwin and Lady Palmer, Mr. Vincent Corbet, Lord and Lady Londeeborough, Fabricins Pasha and Mme. Fabricine, Sir Edward Colebrooke, Countess Bosdari, Hon. Sidney Peel, Lord George Cholmondeley, and Mrs. Forester. 

Lord and Lady Dalhousie also had a party to dinner at the Savoy restaurant yesterday evening the guest including theHon. and Mrs. Mrs. O. Lindley, and Capt. the Hon. A.F. Stanley. 

Crooksbank Pasha left Assouan on Saturday on board the Steamer “Pelican” for Motana and Ermente. 

Mr. William Conper, a director of the African Association, has arrived at Port Said by the Bibby liner ‘'Staffordshire,"

The following passengers left Shellal yesterday by P.S. “Prince Abbas” for the Nile trip: - Mr. T., Mrs. and Miss Quagliotti, Mr. J.W., Mrs. and Miss McLanahan, Miss Heister, Miss E.A. Atwater, Miss Spalding, Miss M.T. Laughlin, Mr. H.M. Heister, Mr. and Mrs. Paul Haffter, Miss Lucie Sulker, Mlle. Marielle, Mr. Blie Cattaui, Miss M.C. Crosfield, Mr. Fredk. Hurdle, Mr. W. H. Rider, Mr. R. Boyle, Mr. Keryn, Mrs. and Miss d’oust Mooredm, Mrs. Geelhand de la Bistarte, Mrs. Leon van de Werve de Vorsaclerc. 

OBITUARY.
EDWARD J. MANUK.
We deeply regret to record the death, which occurred at his residence in Cario yesterday, from heart failure, of Mr. Edward J. Manuk, one of the leading members of the Maltese colony in Egypt. Deceased, who was aged 63 years, had lived in Cairo for many years, and was a prominent figure in British social circles. His funeral will take place this afternoon at 3 o’clock. We beg to tender our sincere sympathy with deceased’s widow and his brother, Mr. E.C. Manuk, of Alexandria.  

SPORTS AND PLAY.
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL
	A match has bean arranged between the football team of 2nd R. Berkshire Band and Saint Andrew, to take place on Wednesday next (Beyram) on the Saint Andrew Football Club’s new ground, situated on the higher common of Kom el-Dik. Kick off at 3 p.m. sharp. 

STEAMER MOVEMENTS.
	The Messageries Maritimes S.S. “Senegal,” from Marseilles, passed the Straits of Messian on Saturday and is due here to-morrow morning.
	The Moss liner “Rameses” arrived here on Saturday afternoon from Liverpool, via Gibraltar and Malta, with passengers, mails, and general cargo.

BULLETIN DE LA BOURSE
(Aujourd hui a midi et demie)
	Le marche est excessivement ferme aujourd’hui. La cote s’inscrit en hausse générale et la tendance est excellente. Les valeurs Egyptiennes sont en faveur a Lndres. Aussi avons-nous eu une matinee très animée sur toute la ligne. 
	La Banque Nationale atteint 26 11/16 l’Agricole 11 1/2, la Daira 23 11/16, la Crown Brewery 217, la Brasserie de Pyramides 140, la Nungovich 10 3/8, l’Anglo-American Nile 5 11/16 et le Eaux d’Alexandria 16 3/4.
	Toutefois, il se produit une légère reaction en Salt and Soda a 41/6 et en Privilégiées Tramways a 145 1/2/

TYROL. - Weissenstein Castle 3410 ft. First-class private hotel near Windisech-Matrei; Station, Liens (reached fro Venice or Trieste). Bracing air. Good Mountaineering center. Tennis. Fishing. Best June, September. Apply Proprietor.
23365-48-6

CARLTON HOTEL
Bulkeley, Ramleh.
Ten minutes form Alexandria. First-Class in every respect. Very moderate charges. Bulkily
