THE EGYPTIAN GAZETTE, TUE-DAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1905.

THE WAR

RUSSIANS REPULSE
INFANTRY ATTACK
St. Petersburg, February 13.
Genreal Kuropaktin reports that 300 Jap-
anes calvery attacked the railway bridge at 
St. Petersburg on the 12th inst. and damaged 
one of the lines. Traffic was subsequently 
jammed. The JHapanese on the 11th  inst. 
engaged the Russian positions with siege.
The Japanese infatry attack was
subduded. (Reuter)

St. Petersburg, February,13.

(MUST RE DO MICROFILM FOR HARD TO READ SECTION)

LOCOMOTIVES FOR JAPAN.
London, February 13.
The Japanese government has placed an
urgent order in Glasgow for 50 locomotives.
(Reuter.)

North Sea Enquiry
Sittings Resumed
Paris, February 13.
The North Sea Commissioners resumed their
sittings to-day. The parties submitted thier 
conclusions, both strongly adhering to their 
origional statements.
(Reuter.)

Paris, February 13. 
The North Sea Commission of Enquiry 
has heard the conclusions of counsel for England
and for Russia.
The conclusion of the English counsel main-
tain the absence of torpedo-boats and declare
the Russian fire to have been unjustified. 
The conclusion of the Russian cohnsel 
declare that military reasons justified the fire
of the Russian shios. Russia, however, agree
to pay an indemuity, which would be fixed by 
the Hague Tribunal.

"Down with the Autocracy"
Demonstration at a Theatre
St. Petersburg, February
There was a demonstration in the MAl
Theatre here lat night, men crying "Down
with the autocracy" and making use of persona 
invectives against the Tsar. The demonstra-
tors were finally ejected, and the performance 
continued.
(Reuter.)

American Arbitration
The President and Senate
Washington, February 13.
President Roosevelt and the Senate have
reached an acute state of disagreement cou-
cerning the arbitration treaties which Mr. Hay
has laboriously concluded with Japan, Great
Britain, and several other European Powers.
In spite of strong pressure on the part of Mr.
Roosevelt the Senate inserted an amendment
in these treaties seciuring to it the right to
intervene before any questions is submitted to 
arbitrition. In consequence, Mr. Roosevelt has
resolved to drop the treaties altogether.
Public opinion, apparentl, endorses the 
action of the Senate.
(Reuter.)

THE HUNGARIAN CRISIS.
AN HISTORICAK EVENT:
Vienna, February 13.
The Emperor received Herr Kos-
suth in connection with the Hungarian crisis.
It wata notable historical event as it was his
first entrance to the Palace to pay homage to
the Emperor who bad condepuied his fktbor to
death.	. (Jtvuter.)
GERMANY AND AiJYSSINIA.
Mission at adis1 abeba.
Berlin, February- U*-
The Gorman mission, mentioned on the 6tb
December,.has leeu receiver! by the Bmperor
AlenAlik at Adis Abeba. The mission will
. remain there'lot 20 days.
KOY.lL VISIT TO KUABTOOU.
REVIEW OF TROOPS.
(From oue Corrbbpondent).
Khartoum, February 4.
A review of all the troops in the station
was held this morning on the parado ground at
Khartoum. AtH o'clock H.R.H. the Ducbeas of
Counaiightvwith the Princesses, accomi>aniedby
Lady Wingate, arrived ina landau at the Royal
stand. A few minutes later U.R.H. the Duko,
accompanied by H.E. the Sirdar and Governor
General, General Sir J. Maxwell, and the staff,
followed on the parade-ground, and the Royal
Standard was at ouce hoisted near the en-
closure.
Alter, the ii .-jieotion, the troops began to
tile past liift H.K.H., performing tho various
evolutions, the Rifie Brigade being specially
smart and showing they had marched over
Sudan vends once before. The cavalry, and
notably the artillery, appear to have been
quite ap t» the mark, and H.R.H. was pleased
to express bis entire satisfaction with the
bearing of tbe troops and the evolutions
effected.
I learn that tbe Duko of Connaught ex-
pressed the opinion that trouser* for the native
tro«ps, shaped Zouave fashion, would perhaps
be more suitable for this climate than the
ordinary trousers now in nse.
In tl.iVafter Mon, the Royal party, accom-
panied by the whole staff, crossed over on a
vi-it to Omdunnan.
In the evening there was a military tattoo
in front of Government baildings, at which tho
Royal party were preseut Bimbaahi Franklin,
director of inu-io, was honored with a few
words ol thanks from Ii. R. H. for his services
on the occasion.
LORD CROMER'S TRIP.
VISIT TO KENEU.
(PaOM oue Coeeespuidext.)
Koueh, Saturday.
Lord and Lady Cromer, accompanied by
“dy Beatrice Thynne, arrived at Keneh by
steamer at 1 p.m. Unlay. Among those await-
ing their arrival were the Moudir, the Sub-
Mouitir, all the beads of the Government de-
partments, the consular ageute, omdohs, thaklu,
and a guard of honor.
As the steamer accosted tho landing stago,
Lord Cromer stepped out and shook bands
with the Moudir, who introduced a number of
tboee present to bis lordship. .On Lord Cromer
asking if anyone could speak English, live SuV
Moudir replied io the affiimabve, and his
lordship proceeded to thank the gathering for
theit. reception, the Sub-Moudir acting, as
interpreter. Lord Cromer said he regretted be
had no time to visit the town, as he was.in a
hurry tf leave for the Sooth.
Tho steamer remained at the landing stage
for some time ooaling and at 3.30 sailed lor
Kou«. "here the party will stop for the night
On thelollowing morning(8und*ar), the steamer
will leave at « o'olook tor Mataana direct
and will ' make another sUy there for the
night Etwn Mataana the distinguished patty
proceed to Sil«N from which place they will go
to Kom Otabo, where they will remain three
hours. Leaving J£om Ombo they .will reach
Assouan on the afternoon of Tuesday, the 14th
inst Lord and Lady Cromer expect to be back
in Cairo on the 22nd inst
THE LATE JUDGE KEILEY.
TO THE EdITOB OF TltK EGYPTIAN GAZETTE.
, Sir,—1 send a few of tho smaller stones
from tho desert which I think yon have
not soon, and for which. I.hope I may clnim
your admiration: Whftt, aft, ""would not yoTT
or 1 give for that touch of hand and troth .
of eye 1 Look at tlio wonderful skill with
which they have beet) carved, repeating attain
and again tho same idea, but almost always
with the distinctive touch of the individual
■worker,—just as in tho pretty attractive cloth
word of the Kabyle women, the pattern is
not copied or mechanically repeated, but
each worker follows an instinct of her own.
Anil so it was with this old stone rac<-.
With some exceptions, some types roughly
executed—perhaps of tho earlier time, for it
was over an immense s]>aoe of time that they
worked, — anil some few that merely repro
duced the conventional pattern, the mass of
the stones bear constant witness to the free
play of band and imagination. What gifts
this desert people had : One may doubt—and
I am not forgetting tho story of Greece, which
wn> different in its kind—if the world has ever
yet produced a race Arith such an artistic sen-e
-o widely distributed— perhaps in Japan 'you
have had tho nearest approach to it. In tlio
artistic fancies ol both races—the love of the
quaint and grotesque—the mixture of human
and demon—yet with a certain self-rostrain',
thp half extravagance kept within the limits of
sobrioty—you feel as if there were common
oiewente—as if the two races had shared snmo
of tho same gifts. I should like to send a
low examples to Tokio for our Japanese friends
to pass judgment upon.
And now, sir,- how goes it with my friends,
the learned babes 1 Huvo they mended their
little wayward fashions and grown in wi-dotn
liud stature I Or is A.B'O. still the same sad
trial, a* it was to their rebel souk 1 Do they
atillpotit and sulk in their comer! Do they still
cry “can't, shan’t, .won’t” while the little fists
are .doubled up.iutlio little eyes nmlthelitt’e
f.-etstamp upon tho fl-sw? Was tlioro ever such
a liuliahaloo and piece ol work in the nursery-
ail about learning A.B.C., which sooner or
1 iter must bo learned. There is- no p-ssible
eVcapo from it. No amount of shan’t and won’t
can help them. Their fate is inexorably
written. And never was there a prettier,
pleasauter, more ^tractive A.B.C. for a tiabo
to learn—an" A.B.U. that sh -uld never have
cost a tear or a whimper ' And as soon as they
oiice humble tho haughty little souls—just a
touch wanted of the penitent’s redeeming
grace—and set themselves with goodwill to
the task, what delight they will find in it,
what revelations are waiting for them ! But 1
must not take up too much of your space. At
Rome, Trieste, Athens, and again at Alex-
andria, 1 found after some little hunting plenty
of traces of the snmo race. The stone was
much less favorable, and the work conse-
quently much rougher ; but the leading types
were Uie same. Some day wo ought te be able
to trace with considerable exactness the march
of this great people—for really great thoy
were. You cannot live amongst their work,
and with hold your admiratiou from them.—
I am, etc.,
Acreros Herbert,
i Tewfik Palaoe Hotel, Helouan,
ROYAL PARTY AT DIVINE SERVICE.
Khartoum, February 5.
Tho Royal party attended divine servico
this morning in the temporary church room
in the Palace.
VISIT TO GORDON COLLEGE.
Khartoum, February 6.
T. R. II. the Duke and Duchess ot Con-
naught, with the Princesses, and accompanied
by H. K. the Governor General, Lady Wingate,
and suite, visited Gordon College to-day and
then drove round tho town of Khartoum. The
natives turned out and gave the Royal party
a hoarty greeting. The annual regatta took
place iu the afternoon in front of the Palace^
ami at 10.30 p.m. the Royal party left for the
North. I may mentiou that the police arrange-
ments throughout the Royal visit were
jioifect.
ASSOUAN DAM VISITED.
Assouan, Tuesday.
The Dake and Duchess of Connaught arriv-
ed at Assouan this morning and will visit the
dam iu tho afternoon accompanied by 8ir
William Ganitin, Mr. A. L. Webb, Mr. Clowes,
and Mr. Macdonald.
Thu R v.il ptrty will leavo Luxor on Thurs-
day by a .-pccial train leaving at 6 50 p.m.
which will bring them to Cairo at 9.10 am.
on Friday.
THE KHEDIVE.
The funeral of the late Judge A. M. Kelley,
formerly judge of the Mixed Conrta.of Egypt,
who was accidentally killed in the Itreets of
Paris, took place at Notro-Dame on Saturday,
February 4. Tbe American CoBsnl-Genenl was
present.
Owing to illness, neither the judge’s son-in-
law, Captain Hall, nor his daughter were able
to be present, but the family was represented
by Mr. Arnold Hall and Miss Hall, who came
from England to assist at the ceremony.
A correspondent writes as follows to the
"New York Herald” (Paris) :—I fee) that the
death of so well- known an American os Judge
A. M. Keiloy deserves a record. In yonr edition
of Saturday, January 28, I found a short
paragraph, o»pied from a French paper, stating
that a well-dressed man, about sixty years of
age, bad been knooked down by a delivery van
in the place de la Concorde the day before, and
had been carried to the hospital, where he
died that night In his pocket was found a
card bearing the name and address of Judge
Keiley, 49, Dover-street, Piccadilly—nothing
nwfe. 'f~
Judge Keiley was a man well known at
home and ■ abroad. He bad at various times
filtotf Wlcisi peblio offices in his native city,
triti,-Louisville, Ky., and for many years had
nmnounlsl flu. I"ni fnut HfatM in ftin Uiviut
Today 11. H. the Khedive visited the
Mo-que at Koubbch for prayer on tjio opening
of Kourban Boy ram. Salvoes of 21 guns wore
fired from the Citadel and at Abbassiehon the
arrival and departure of his Highuess.
Yesterday afternoon, his Highness received
A-lly Pasha Yugben, Governor of Cairo, and
all the principal functionaries or notables who
received promotion or decorations on the
occasion of the anniversary of H. H.’s accession.
GENERAL STOESSEL AT SUEZ.
(From our Correspondent).
Suez, Monday.
The Messagerios Maritimos 8.8. “Austra-
lien," by which Gen. Stoessel is a passenger,
is due to arrive at Suez to-morrow at 10 a.m.
PLAGUE ON STEAMER.
(From our Correspondent).
Suez, Monday.
Tbe Austrian Lloyd S.S. “Imperator," from
Bombay, arrived at Suez yenterday. Owing to
her having landed a case of plague at Aden,
sho was put in quarantine at this port, and
after being JLinfeoted entered the Canal in
quarantine. I’a-sengors for Suoz were conveyed
to Moses’ Wells te purge two days’ quarantine.
CONpnm OF HELOUAN.
NO GOVERNMENT SUPPORT.
(From Oue Coeeebpoiidiw). ..
Helouan, February 18.
An important meeting of the Municipal
Commissioner* of Helouan baa . been held at
Ita OnmeM, n«l« O. pnOdw, o(
H. E. the Governor of Cairo. There were
pipeent the Ten^m dalegete. Mi. Curtis, the
SeniUry Department delegate, Dr. Dryee, and
the four elected representative members of the
town, M. Felix Suaree, Huasein Bey Yonaeef,
Mahmoud Fefamy Pasha, and Dr. A. J. M.
Bentley.
The question of the condition and want* of
the town of Helouan came before the meeting.
After some remarks from M. SuarLs, Hussein
Bey Youseef, and Mahmoud Pehmy Pasha, on
the unsatisfactory condition of - the town and
tho miserable financial dole voted to the Com-
mission, Dr. Bentley addressed tho Council as
follows.
Yonr Excellency, — Yon may remember
that at our last meeting I presented yon with
a petition from the inhabitant* of th* town ot
a
8to«T AND PLAY.
HELOUAN THIRD WINTER
MEBTTNO.
considered by th: Couoci! before presenting it
to the Government for their consideration.
This your Excellency did not sec fit J to do,
and tbe only course open to the inhabitants
was to go with it direct- to tire chiefs
of the Ministries interested, which peti-
tion was later on published in several of
the newspapers of Egypt This petition, I hear
on good authority, was not unfavorably
received by the heads of tho various deport-
ments concerned. The petifibn, I may call Jo
yonr mind, dealt with the following points :—
(i). The railway service; (ii). The state of
tho roads and condition of the water supplied
for drinking ; (iii). The constitution of the
Local Commission ; (iv). The expenditure of
the revenue derived from local taxation.—The
Railway (i) is now in the possession of the
Delta Light Railway Company and they have
promised to carry out-certain and, wo believe,
efficient reforms. The matter of the drinking
water and the roads (ii) oonoerns the Taozim
Department. The allocation of the revenae (nr)
derived from Helonan is a financial matter and
concerns the Ministry of Finance. The carrying
oat of (ii), which is so urgently required,, is
a large matter, and it is absolutely impossible
to deal with it satisfactorily with the small
amount of money allowed to this Commission,
(iii The oonstitntion of the Commission is
i essentially an anomaly ; elected partly by i
The following are. the entries forth* abort
meeting, to be held at Helouah on Friday,
17th inst,at 2.80 (am..
FIRST RACK. tM |ua.
Maid** I>o*y Aock. Value E.T. 2,500,
rod bores to receive P.T. 800, and 3rd horse
P.T. 200 out of the stakes., For Axah^uiee,
chat have never won * race of aaydew^ptfon.
Weight for sigs. and inches, Distaaea 7 fur-
longs : —‘Saleh Bey Yoghon’s Id*„ 10.7.
Mohazxem Paaha Chebin. Vah, IU ihrekim
Bey Chssifs Amour. 10.7. • IshakJ* Hw
find Hasson Bey Kheir el-Din’s Rais, 10.7.
Saleh Bey-Chcrifs Ragan, 10.7.
SBCQMD RACE. 3 pm.
Maider Galloway. Value P.T. 1,600,-End
bores to reestsw P.T. 300, and 3rd f.t. *00,
out of the stsAas. Fan Anfo W^hSfor ago
and inches. Distance about i mifo-IkmWm
Boy Chorifs Atmbi, 10.7, and Ptafotia, 8.13.
Omar Boy Sultan and Ahmed Boy Bakn .
Jfojad 11., 104. M*. N. Souaua and Kamel
'Effendi Maher’s Social .Life, 10.7. v
THIRD RACK 3.80 p.m.
The A ear Handicap. ValneP.T. 2,500, 2nd
horse to reosive P.T. 300, and 3rd horse P.T,
200 out of tire stakes. For all Arabs: Distance
I * mile.—Saleh Bey Ysgbon’s London and
Mashkour IL, Mofaarrea.raslm'OMi»*B Mia
zaud, Mr.i’. W. Stonta Shewimpn, Ishak Bey
Hussein’s Rapid, Omar Bey Bolton and Ahrted
Bey el Bakri’s Baehid.
Fourth rack * -pjn.~.
Trial Plate. Value P.T. 2,500, 2nd horse
to receive P.T. SOO, and 3rd horse P.T. 200
out qf the stakes. For Arab hofoes, that have
never won a raoe of any description (Gym-
khanas excepted). Weight for age. Distance i
mile.—Ibrahim Bey Cherif• • Arehi, 1D.7, Mo-
harrem Paaha Chetin-’s The Prince, HbO, Capt
G. B. Byrne’s Chinaman, 10.7, ’ Ishak Bey
Hussein’s Parah, 10.0, Mr. N. Yoanovitch’s
Napo, 10.7.
FIFTH RACK 1-30 pm
The Pont Handicap. Value P.T. 2,500, 2nd
horse to raomre P.T. <00, and 3rd horse P.T.
200, out of the stakes. For Arab ponies.
Distance 7 furlongs.—Ishak Bey Hussein’s and
Courts of Egypt He lived in Alexandria until
his wife died, two or three years ago. when he
resigned his position and went to London, to
bo near a married daughter.
Judge Keiley was a man of unusual attain-
ments ; he knew the classics as he did the
alphabet; not only spoke half a dozen modern
languages, but knew their literature as well.
He brew all good things and loved them. He
oould’tell a story better than the next man, let
him tell it never so well, and what is more,
could appreciate tire point of the other felloe’s
story. He was liberal, broad-minded, tender-
hearted, full of sympathy for suffering ; genial
and warm-hearted. He waa a loyal, staunch
friend, and I, who only know him casually, #s
it were, feel that 1 shall not soon look upon
his like again.
A PROPOS DB L’EAU.
EXPORT OP GUM ARABIC.
During tho month of December last, 1,031,614
kilos of gum arabio, valued at L.E.23,217, wore
exported from Egypt. In the same month of
1903 the experts wore 574,359 kilos, of the va-
lue of L.B.12.967, showing an increase in 1904
of 457,255 kilos, value L.E 10,250.
During the year 190-1, the exports show in-
creases of 1,989,571 kilo* in weight and of LK
41,394 in amount a* compared with 1903, the
respective figures being as follows: — 1904,
10,402,054 kilos, value L.E.234,060; 1903,
8.412,483 kilos, value L.K192.666.
Of tho above, tho export to England and
her Mediterranean possesions was 2.220.528
kilos, valuo L.E.49,960; Germany, 1,740.095
kilos, value LK 39,159; Austria-Hungary,
702,815 kilos, value L.E.15,810 ; Prance and
Algeria, 2,711,811 kilos, value LB. 60,990;
Italy. 286,086 kilns, value LE 6,424 ; Turkey,
12,303kilos, value Lfi.269; America,!,438,424
kilos, value L.B.32,364, and to other ooontries
1,290,992 Idiot, value LE.29,084.

Monsieur lo Dirocteur
do ‘TEgyptian Gazette."
On fait grand bruit on oe moment, tou-
chaut la pollution des eaux qua nous vend
fort cher ‘TAloxandria Water Company Li-
mited” et co n’est point la premiere fois que
Ton crie qne l’eau eet containing.
Aprts confutation des faits les services sa-
niuiros ne prfonnisent anenn systems pour
steriliser les conduits et assurer enfin one eau
moins ehargde de microbes.
Si lea dits services v iulaient prendre la
peine d’analyser l’eau du Mahmoudieh chaque
Jour et si lo nSsultat de ce petit travail dtait
communique au public, oelui-ci serait fort
Burpris d’apprendre quelle quantity conside
rable de microbes il abeorbo quotidiennement.
Quant au canal de derivation qui alimente
la Compsgnie des Eaux, il est installs dans
toutes les conditions requises poor ft re conta
mind on son entier paroours.
En offot, dans tons les alontours du dit
canal, il n’y a pas nne fosse d’aisanoes qui soit
impermeable et cimontee oonfonnement aux
teglcments Muiitairos.
D’antre part, le service Maritime et Quaran-
tenaire ne fait aucune objection qnant k la
fourniture do cetto eau pour l’approvisiomie-
inent des navires et ne prend aucune mesnre
pour leur procurer de l’eau saine. Le dernier
congtes sanitaire do Venise a’est pourtant oo-
enpe nn tantinet de cetto question primordiale
mais ici, au pays nilotiqne, la consigne est et
sera encore longtemps do dire: Malesch.
De Saint Bonxet.

Alexandria, le 13 fevrier 1905.

No power to accomplish them. If suggestion* are
made to the Commission and they are not
carried out, the publie regard tbe failure as
being due to it,—not having the power to im-
prove, it still has to bear tbe blame. I propose,
therefore, that in the best interests of Helouan.
and with a-dtre regard to the dignity of thi.
Council, that the Municipal affairs of tbe town
be plaoed again in the hands of the Govern-
ment, which alone is ablo to carry out those!
reforms so neoeasary for the well-being of the
town. This Commission has doubtless done
excellent work in its time, the Tanzim offi-
cials connected with it havo always been
willing to do what they eould for the improve-
ment of the town, bat owing to the rapidly in-
creasing importanoe of Helouan and its neigh-
bourhood, and the urgent and large reforms
needed* it is time that the present aystorn,. with
its very limited powers, should be abolished,
and that tbe municipal affairs should be plaoed
in the hands of the Government, whioh alone
has the power to efficiently carry them out
I appeal to yonr sense of duty not to place any
obstacle in tho way,, bat rather to sink all
differences and personal feelings for the well-
being of the town of Helouan, and I further
beg to suggest that to facilitate matters this
Council should delegate three or more of its
members to consult with tho Government to
ascertain its views on this matter.
Tho president, in replying, stated that he
had received official information that the
Finance Ministry had refused to sanction any
I further aid to Helouan or to grant money to
■	allow more water for the roads and trees. The
i four elected representative members there-
upon tendered their.resignation in a body, as a
■	protest against the Government decision.
• Later on they were, however, induoed by
the president to withdraw their resignation*
oouditionally on his Exoellenoy p* raising to
i bring their protest before the proper authorities,
i They, however, expressed very decided views
; to his Excellency on tho unelft-snosa of holding
: further meetings under existing circum stances.
SVYOY HOTEL, LUXOR.
Bert and most comfortable, unique for it* M
position on Nile bank. Under German Managt Mr.
ment Moderate charges. Patronised by officer ^
of Army of Occupation. Coooerts twios daily. ««
msmJi	rJSrass.meelAWMWSsffc lRo\
SHEPHEARD’S SMALL DANCE.
_________ Col
Last night’s small dance at Shepheard’s met for Ef
ith the usual succesj. The restaurant was at thi
site full at dinner time. Among many others retun
ining there we noticed Mr. and Mrs. Geo. .W.
rexd and party, Mr. B. Johnson and party,
icludingMr. and Mrs. Thoa Walsh and Miss
iralsb, Baron von Oppenheim, Baron Tiede- ^
i*nn Seeheim *ud ^family. Mr Pmnbroke
»ties and family, Mr. and Mrs. Fiedler, Mr.
ad Mrs. Granville Alexander, Mr. and Mrs. p.,
m. C. Zervudacbi and party, Mr. J. W. Mellor ^
nd Miss Mellor, Major Pirie and party, includ _
ig Major Kenny Herbert, Mr. Carter Wilton
ad Major Harold; Baron, Baroness and Mia- Q[(
o Peteghem, Marquis de Corea and Comte
iabriel do ZogheK Mr. and Mrs. G.T. Rafferty OW
nd the Misses Rafferty, Mr. Mrs. and Misse*
,bbott, Mrs. and the Misses Golshenen, j (
’rinoe Liohtenstein, Cbnite Trautmannsdorf, ___
ieueraland Mrs. von Hsewardt,Genoral and ...
Ira. von Diest, Baron Tessin, Baron Vogel de
’alkenstein, Mrs. Marion Spring and party.
Ir., Mra. and Min Moss. Mr. and Mrs. Bosley u
nd Mi Hariey. Mr., Mm. rndMimfinker- H»n
on ud Mia Bmn. JonOn, Mr. u4 Mn. «»l
lotinion, (to,	""
Hasson Bey Kh«r-el-Dfn'» Rais, Moharrem
P-aba Cbebiu's Bibico, Soleb" Bey Tsghen's
Ik.	; , T?.
SIXTH RACK S pan.. '
Bedouin Staebs. Value P.T. '2,500, 2nd
bone to rooeive P.T. 300 and 3rd horse P.T.
200 out of tha stakes.. For Arabs that have
never won a race of any description. Open to
all members and non-members who do not
keen o'”"" horses. Catch waiahti ' over 10*L
^^mrv., <«,
7 lbs. for Poniea. Those previously plaoed in
any race to osray 7lbs. extra.'ttrtanoe 1 mile.
Nouridin Effendi's Nasseeb (late PeaoookX
Daoud Sultan’s .MussmI, Soliman Bohan's
Hattem, Mahboul Khoordar's Said and
Sewiwe, Kharkour Elia's Kattonherak, Mob.
Abdel K*lik Roma’s Portion (late Avenir'j,
Humberto Carrozso’sGigia, Padgim el-Dahawi’s
Minshar and Yaksau..
KHEDIV1AL SPORTING CLUB.
3rd WINTER MEETING.
The Kasr el-Nil Steeplechase will be a
Handicap and not as advertised.
KH EDI VIAL YACHT CLUB..
The annual general meeting of the Khedi-
vial Yacht-Club will he held at the Khedivial
Club, Alexamlr'.t, ou the 27th inst
PERSONAL AND SOCIAL
The King has been pfoM*Lfc> give.and
grant unto Robert Lang . Anderson, .JSsq.,
Manager of the Abdukir lands Reclamation
Company, His Majesty’s Royal lioenos and
authority that he may aooept and west the
Insignia of the Third Class of th* Imperial
Ottoman Order of the Osmanieh, conferred
upon him by H.H.’ the Khedive, of Egypt,
authorised by H.LM. tbe Saltan .of Turkey, in
recognition of valuable services rendered by
him to His Highness.
Colonel and Mrs. C. Rosdew Burn have left
for Egypt, and will join the yacht “Miranda1'
at the end of March. They do not expect to
return till.May.
Baron August Twickl is leaving Rome this
week for Egypt.
The marriage arranged between M. Henry
Thierrard and Mflita, daughter of M. and
Mme. S. Caffari, will take place at St
Catherine's Cathedral, Alexandria,on Saturday,
18th inst.’	-.
BECK & CO’S PILSEMER BEER
OU«rwiM «*4> to - .
i. nrwrwT. r. ncu^.iAiim.
WINDSOR HOTEL.
Largest 1st elsss and most ecmfortabls
J?""1.1* siwtMria	~
vvnwH pusiuom. usew *s|isi e^erai
«t a 198
